Pipelines section 2 : Changes to Pipelines/Installation files (#2306)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/addingexistingrepo.md

import CustomizableValue from '/src/components/CustomizableValue';

> # Adding Pipelines to an Existing Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Adding Pipelines to an existing repository
```

> This guide provides instructions for installing Gruntwork Pipelines in an existing repository that does not currently have Pipelines configured. It is designed for Gruntwork customers who wish to manage their existing repositories using Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions for installing Gruntwork Pipelines in a repository with existing IaC. It is designed for Gruntwork customers who wish to manage their existing repositories using Gruntwork Pipelines.
```

**As of Q4 2024, this new configuration system does not yet support the [Gruntwork Account Factory](https://docs.gruntwork.io/2.0/docs/accountfactory/concepts/).** If you need both Pipelines and the Account Factory, we recommend [starting with a new repository](/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/addingnewrepo) or contacting [Gruntwork support](/support) for assistance.
:::

## Prerequisites

- **Active Gruntwork subscription**: Ensure your account includes access to Pipelines. Verify access by navigating to the "View team in GitHub" option in the [Gruntwork Developer Portal's account page](https://app.gruntwork.io/account) if you are an admin. From the GitHub team UI, search for "pipelines" under the repositories tab to confirm access.
- **AWS credentials**: You need credentials with permissions to create resources in the AWS account where Pipelines will be deployed. This includes creating an OpenID Connect (OIDC) Provider and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles for Pipelines to use when deploying infrastructure.

## Setting up the repository

### Account information

> Create an `accounts.yml` file in the root directory of your repository with the following content. Replace `<CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_NAME" />`, `<CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_ID" />`, and `<CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_EMAIL" />` with the appropriate values for the account you are deploying to. Add additional accounts as needed to manage them with Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `accounts.yml` file in the root directory of your repository with the following content. Replace <CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_NAME" />, <CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_ID" />, and <CustomizableValue id="AWS_ACCOUNT_EMAIL" /> with the appropriate values for the account you are deploying to. Add additional accounts as needed to manage them with Pipelines.
```

> # Adding Pipelines to an existing repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Adding Gruntwork Pipelines to an existing repository
```

:::tip

The permissions in the files above are provided as examples and should be adjusted to align with the specific types of infrastructure managed in the repository. This ensures that Pipelines can execute the required actions to deploy your infrastructure effectively.

Additionally, note that the IAM permissions outlined above do not include permissions to modify the role itself, for security purposes.

:::

Repeat this step for each environment you would like to manage with Pipelines.

> #### Create the OIDC Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create the OIDC resources
```
